README.md, before:

# sjd-gold
Open access, gold standard subsample of Kildin Saami corpus data for evaluation, testing and training

Version: pre-alpha (not released)

## Re-use
Once released, the data will be available under a CC-BY licence. Please use the following reference:
`
@incollection{KSDP,
	Author = {Rie{\ss}ler, Michael},
	Booksubtitle = {{DoBeS} archive},
	Booktitle = {The Language Archive (TLA)},
	Booktitleaddon = {Digital language archive},
	Editorb = {Afanasyva, Anna AND Behnke, Anja AND Danilova, Svetlana AND Dubovtsev, Andrey AND Ershtadt, Alexandra AND Jackermeier, Dorit AND Karvovskaya, Elena AND Kotcheva, Kristina AND Kusmenko, Jurij AND Litvak, Maryna AND Nikolaev, Sergej AND Olyzko, Kateryna AND Partanen, Niko AND Perkmann, Iris and Scheller, Elisabeth AND Sharshina, Nina AND Vinogradova, Ganna AND Wilbur, Joshua AND Zhivotova, Evgenia AND Zolotukhina, Nadezhda},
	Editorbtype = {collaborator},
	Location = {Nijmegen},
	Publisher = {Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics},
	Subtitle = {Linguistic and ethnographic documentation of the endangered {K}ola {S}aami languages},
	Title = {Kola {S}aami {D}ocumentation {P}roject},
	Url = {https://hdl.handle.net/1839/00-0000-0000-0005-8A34-E@view},
	Year = {2005--2018}}
`

Commit message:

additional notes on the included data

README.md, after:

# sjd-gold
Open access, gold standard subsample of Kildin Saami corpus data for evaluation, testing and training

Version: pre-alpha (not released)

# Data
The corpus data published here consists of a subsample of data collected and annotated by the [Kola Saami Documentation Project](http://dobes.mpi.nl/projects/sami/) and subsequent projects. Conventions for data structure and annotations are found in our [FRechdoc repository(]https://github.com/langdoc/FRechdoc/).

Whereas the present data include only our minimal annotations and contextual metadata, there might be relevant additional kinds of annotations and metadata in the [Multimedia Archive](https://hdl.handle.net/1839/00-0000-0000-0005-8A34-E@view)  of the Kola Saami Documentation Project, where the original session data is stored. Also linked multimedia data - if available - is only found in the archive.

## Re-use
Once released, the data will be available under a CC-BY licence. Please use the following reference:
`
@incollection{KSDP,
	Author = {Rie{\ss}ler, Michael},
	Booksubtitle = {{DoBeS} archive},
	Booktitle = {The Language Archive (TLA)},
	Booktitleaddon = {Digital language archive},
	Editorb = {Afanasyva, Anna AND Behnke, Anja AND Danilova, Svetlana AND Dubovtsev, Andrey AND Ershtadt, Alexandra AND Jackermeier, Dorit AND Karvovskaya, Elena AND Kotcheva, Kristina AND Kusmenko, Jurij AND Litvak, Maryna AND Nikolaev, Sergej AND Olyzko, Kateryna AND Partanen, Niko AND Perkmann, Iris and Scheller, Elisabeth AND Sharshina, Nina AND Vinogradova, Ganna AND Wilbur, Joshua AND Zhivotova, Evgenia AND Zolotukhina, Nadezhda},
	Editorbtype = {collaborator},
	Location = {Nijmegen},
	Publisher = {Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics},
	Subtitle = {Linguistic and ethnographic documentation of the endangered {K}ola {S}aami languages},
	Title = {Kola {S}aami {D}ocumentation {P}roject},
	Url = {https://hdl.handle.net/1839/00-0000-0000-0005-8A34-E@view},
	Year = {2005--2018}}
`
